track all_peptide_POGO
bigDataUrl all_peptide_POGO.bb
shortLabel all_peptide_POGO
longLabel all_peptide_POGO
type bigBed 12
visibility dense
itemRgb on

track pq31153_peptides
bigDataUrl pq31153_peptides.bb
shortLabel pq31153_peptides
longLabel pq31153_peptides
type bigBed 12
visibility dense
itemRgb on

track pq31190_peptides
bigDataUrl pq31190_peptides.bb
shortLabel pq31190_peptides
longLabel pq31190_peptides
type bigBed 12
visibility dense
itemRgb on

track pq31193_peptides
bigDataUrl pq31193_peptides.bb
shortLabel pq31193_peptides
longLabel pq31193_peptides
type bigBed 12
visibility dense
itemRgb on

track pq31194_peptides
bigDataUrl pq31194_peptides.bb
shortLabel pq31194_peptides
longLabel pq31194_peptides
type bigBed 12
visibility dense
itemRgb on

